?makecontainer Fidget Toy Bin . Bridge . 30 false There is a bin of fidget toys here. You can search the bin to try to find something useful.
?makecontainer A Rack of Scientific Equipment . Sci Lab . 30 false A rack of scientific equipment including several scanners.
?makecontainer A Work Bench . Sci Lab . 30 false A work bench for making electrical repairs.
?makecontainer A Medical Supply Cabinet . Med Bay . 30 false Medical supplies are stored in here.
?makecontainer A Medical Equipment Cart . Med Bay . 30 false A rack of medical equipment.
?makecontainer Ships Intercom . Sci Lab . 30 false An access panel to the ship's intercom system. It may be possible to modify this to restore some ship-wide communication.
?makecontainer A Box of Hardware . Cafeteria . 30 false A box of miscellaneous hardware for fixing cooking equipment.
?makecontainer A Rack of Exercise Equipment . Gym . 30 false A rack of various weights and other exercise equipment.
?makecontainer The Ship's Lending Library . Rec Room . 30 false A modest lending library of physical books.
?makecontainer A Crafting Bench . Rec Room . 30 false A messy crafting bench with materials and tools for a variety of hobbies scattered around.
?makecontainer A Pile of Repair Materials . Storage Bay . 30 false A small pile of repair materials for the ship.
?makecontainer A Pile of Repair Tools . Storage Bay . 30 false A small pile of repair tools for the ship.
?makecontainer A Crate For Teleporter Crystals . Storage Bay . 30 false A small box for holding teleporter crystals. It is mostly empty.
?makecontainer Packet 1 . Out of Game Mechanics . 5 false Packet 1 for Navigation.
?makecontainer Packet 2 . Out of Game Mechanics . 5 false Packet 2 for Weapons.
?makecontainer Packet 3 . Out of Game Mechanics . 5 false Packet 3 for Deck Hand.
?makecontainer Packet 4 . Out of Game Mechanics . 5 false Packet 4 for Diplomat.
?makecontainer Packet 5 . Out of Game Mechanics . 5 false Packet 5 for Engineering.
?makecontainer Box . Playground . 10 false A mysterious box!