?makesign true Bridge Ship Scanners . Bridge . There are passive ships scanners here. Some mechanics may allow you to collect information from this location.
?makesign true Sci Lab Ship Scanners . Sci Lab . There are passive ships scanners here. Some mechanics may allow you to collect information from this location.
?makesign true Med Bay Ship Scanners . Med Bay . There are passive ships scanners here. Some mechanics may allow you to collect information from this location.
?makesign true Cafeteria Ship Scanners . Cafeteria . There are passive ships scanners here. Some mechanics may allow you to collect information from this location.
?makesign true Gym Ship Scanners . Gym . There are passive ships scanners here. Some mechanics may allow you to collect information from this location.
?makesign true Rec Room Ship Scanners . Rec Room . There are passive ships scanners here. Some mechanics may allow you to collect information from this location.
?makesign true Storage Bay Ship Scanners . Storage Bay . There are passive ships scanners here. Some mechanics may allow you to collect information from this location.
?makesign true Damaged Engine Access in Cafeteria . Cafeteria . This engine is damaged. Trigger your “Threat Assessment 1” and/or "Ship Repairs" mem packets now if you have them. To repair this engine, you will need someone with the "Engineering" ability and the following items: a "Large Metal Plate", "Patching Putty", and a "Welding Torch". (The Engineering ability will explain how to execute the repair.) If you fix this engine: a) consume the "Large Metal Plate" and "Patching Putty" items, b) switch this sign with the sign named “Repaired Engines Access in Cafeteria”, and c) start a five-minute cooldown timer for the "Welding Torch".  If you hand off the "Welding Torch” to someone else before it cools, have them start a timer for whatever time was left in the cooldown (and tell them to do the same if they pass it off).
?makesign false Repaired Engine Access in Cafeteria . Cafeteria . The engines have been repaired at this location.
?makesign true Damaged Engine Access in Gym . Gym . This engine is damaged. Trigger your “Threat Assessment 2” and/or "Ship Repairs" mem packets now if you have them. To repair this engine, you will need someone with the "Engineering" ability and the following items: a "Large Metal Plate", "Insta-Cast Foam Spray", and a "Welding Torch". (The Engineering ability will explain how to execute the repair.)  If you fix this engine: a) consume the "Large Metal Plate" and "Insta-Cast Foam Spray" items, b) switch this sign with the sign named “Repaired Engines Access in Gym”, and c) start a five-minute cooldown timer for the "Welding Torch”.  If you hand off the "Welding Torch" to someone else before it cools, have them start a timer for whatever time was left in the cooldown (and tell them to do the same if they pass it off).
?makesign false Repaired Engine Access in Gym . Gym . The engines have been repaired at this location.
?makesign true Damaged Navigation System Access in Rec Room . Rec Room . This navigation system is damaged. Trigger your “Threat Assessment 3” and/or "Ship Repairs" mem packets now if you have them. To repair this system, you will need someone with the Engineering ability and the following items: a "Large Metal Plate", "Electrical Wires", and a "Welding Torch". (The Engineering ability will explain how to execute the repair.) If you fix this navigation system: a) consume the "Large Metal Plate" and "Electrical Wires" items, b) switch this sign with the sign named “Repaired Navigation System Access in Rec Room”, and c) start a five-minute cooldown timer for the "Welding Torch". If you hand off the welding torch to someone else before it cools, have them start a timer for whatever time was left in the cooldown (and tell them to do the same if they pass it off).
?makesign false Repaired Navigation System Access in Rec Room . Rec Room . The navigation system has been repaired at this location.
?makesign true Damaged Navigation System Access in Storage Bay . Storage Bay . This navigation system is damaged. Trigger your “Threat Assessment 4” and/or "Ship Repairs" mem packets now if you have them. To repair this system, you will need someone with the Engineering ability and the following items: a "Large Metal Plate", "Resistance Bands", a "Handful of Rivets", an "Electric Sander", and a "Welding Torch". (The Engineering ability will explain how to execute the repair.) If you fix this navigation system: a) consume the "Large Metal Plate", "Resistance Bands", "Handful of Rivets", and "Electric Sander" items, b) switch this sign with the sign named “Repaired Navigation System Access in Storage Bay”, and c) start a five-minute cooldown timer for the "Welding Torch". If you hand off the welding torch to someone else before it cools, have them start a timer for whatever time was left in the cooldown (and tell them to do the same if they pass it off).
?makesign false Repaired Navigation System Access in Storage Bay . Storage Bay . The navigation system has been repaired at this location.
?makesign true Front View Screen . Bridge . The front view screen which would normally display a simulation of local space around the ship is eerily black.
?makesign true Navigator Station . Bridge . The station where the navigator usually sits to run a jump. Some form of coordinates should probably be entered at the 2 hour mark so the ship knows where to try to jump to get out of this mess. Someone will need to be present on the bridge, with a specific item with the word "Coordinates" in the name, to accomplish this. If you don't put any coordinates in, this may not go well at all.
?makesign true Broom Closet . Bridge . There is a small broom closet here. If your alpha score = 1, trigger your “Broom Closet” mem packet.
?makesign true A Lab Bench . Sci Lab . There is a neat lab bench here. If your alpha score = 1, trigger your “Lab Bench” mem packet.
?makesign true A Patient Bay . Med Bay . There is an empty patient bay. If your alpha score = 1, trigger your “Patient Bay” mem packet.
?makesign true Kitchen . Cafeteria . This is the kitchen area. If your alpha score = 1, trigger your “Kitchen” mem packet.
?makesign true Weight Room . Gym . This is the weight room. If your alpha score = 1, trigger your “Weight Room” mem packet.
?makesign true Theater . Rec Room . This is the ship’s movie theater. If your alpha score = 1, trigger your “Theater” mem packet.
?makesign true Pile of Crates . Storage Bay . This is a pile of crates. If your alpha score = 1, trigger your “Crates” mem packet.
?makesign true Sign 1 . Playground . A sign. You can switch it with sign “Sign 2”.
?makesign false Sign 2 . Playground . A sign. You can switch it with sign “Sign 1”.
?makesign true Bridge Teleporter Control Console . Bridge . **Teleporters will automatically shut down in the last 5 minutes before the ship attempts to jump out of this mess (last 5 minutes of game).** If you have a “Teleporter Power Crystal” AND an “Authorization Key” in your possession, you may do the following in the “bridge-yellow” text channel: @ the GM role, with the message: “I activate the transporter to move <insert name of another character who is *currently on the bridge with you*> to <*a different location on the ship>.” A GM will then complete the mechanic by messaging the person being teleported in their character’s private channel. A GM will then direct you to *consume* the “Teleporter Power Crystal”. You may only teleport one person at a time (1 crystal = 1 teleported person). **You cannot transport yourself to a different area of the ship, only other people.**
?makesign true Science Lab Teleporter Control Console . Sci Lab . **Teleporters will automatically shut down in the last 5 minutes before the ship attempts to jump out of this mess (last 5 minutes of game).** If you have a “Teleporter Power Crystal” AND an “Authorization Key” in your possession, you may do the following in the “sci-lab-cyan” text channel: @ the GM role, with the message: “I activate the transporter to move <insert name of another character who is *currently in the Science Lab with you*> to <*a different location on the ship>.” A GM will then complete the mechanic by messaging the person being teleported in their character’s private channel. A GM will then direct you to *consume* the “Teleporter Power Crystal”. You may only teleport one person at a time (1 crystal = 1 teleported person). **You cannot transport yourself to a different area of the ship, only other people.**
?makesign true Medical Bay Teleporter Control Console . Med Bay . **Teleporters will automatically shut down in the last 5 minutes before the ship attempts to jump out of this mess (last 5 minutes of game).** If you have a “Teleporter Power Crystal” AND an “Authorization Key” in your possession, you may do the following in the “med-bay-magenta” text channel: @ the GM role, with the message: “I activate the transporter to move <insert name of another character who is *currently in the Medical Bay with you*> to <*a different location on the ship>.” A GM will then complete the mechanic by messaging the person being teleported in their character’s private channel. A GM will then direct you to *consume* the “Teleporter Power Crystal”. You may only teleport one person at a time (1 crystal = 1 teleported person). **You cannot transport yourself to a different area of the ship, only other people.**